Update howto-deny-public-network-access.md (#65784)
Azure/azure-content: articles/postgresql/howto-deny-public-network-access.md

This article describes how you can configure an Azure Database for PostgreSQL Single server to deny all public configurations and allow only connections through private endpoints to further enhance the network security.

> Note that clients from where connections to PostgreSQL Single server were made prior to the configuration described here will continue to have access to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When "Deny public access" is enabled,   new connections from the firewall rules will get rejected and if you have existing clients they cannot connect to the server as well. If there is an open and active connection when this configuration is being changed , only that connection will be open until that connection is closed. 
```

Reviewer: The statement previously is not true. Please use the suggestion to replace your line
